Fix a typo in "install-pmm-client" section (#3774)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/install-pmm/install-pmm-client/index.md

## Connect services

> You must configure each service according to its service type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each database service requires specific configuration parameters. Configure your service according to its service type:
```
